# 
Java Address Book ProjectJava Address Book ProjectIn this project, you will be creating an address book that can store information about people.Overall GoalsOverall GoalsThe application should be able to do the following:Present the user with a list of options to interact with the database and take in their inputAllow the user to perform the following actions:Add an entryRemove and entrySearch for a specific entryPrint the contents of the address bookDelete the contents of the address bookQuit the programEntry StructureEntry StructureEntries should be contained in a class. Each entry should contain the following properties: - First name - Last name - Phone number - Email address All variablesshould be private and only accessible via getter and setter methods.You should override the toString() method so that the entries can be printed in an easy-to-read-manner.You can create other methods as you see fit.Address Book StructureAddress Book StructureThe address book should contain an ArrayList of Entry instances. This ArrayList can be accessed and modified using methods that accomplish the following:Adding entriesNew entries should contain all of the properties required by an entry. The email address needs to be unique. Other properties do not need to be unique.Remove an entryAn entry can be removed by searching the database for an email address and then removing the entry with that unique email addres.Search for an entryUsers can pick which methods they will search by (first name, last name, phone number, or email address). The program will then take in a search queryand search the address book for an entry that contains the search as a substring (e.g. if a first name search is conducted with 'a,' all entries that have afirst name starting with 'a' will be returned).Printing the address bookAll of the entries will be printed outDeleting the bookThe address book will be clearedQuitThe program will stop runningProgram FunctionalityProgram FunctionalityStarting the ProgramStarting the ProgramUpon starting the program, it should as the user what action they want to perform.1) Add an entry2) Remove an entry3) Search for a specific entry4) Print Address Book5) Delete Book6) QuitPlease choose what you'd like to do with the database:The user must enter a number 1-6. If the user enters invalid input, print an error message and show the main menu again to take in a new input.Adding an EntryAdding an EntryIf the user inputs 1, they should be asked to enter the details of an entry. This entry is then added to the address book.
1) Add an entry2) Remove an entry3) Search for a specific entry4) Print Address Book5) Delete Book6) QuitPlease choose what you'd like to do with the database: 1First Name: TestLast Name: TestPhone Number: 1111111111Email Address: test@test.comAdded new entry!After the entry has been added, show the main menu again to take in a new input.You can assume the user input will not contain any spaces, tabs, or newline character. You can assume the user will format their information correctly (e.g. you donot need to check for the correct amount of numbers in a phone number, if a phone number is all numbers, or if an email contains an @ sign or period.)Remove an EntryRemove an EntryAs the user to input an email to delete, and the delete that entry from the address book. Print out the entry that was deleted. If the entry was not found, notify theuser. Then, show the main menu again to take in a new input.Please choose what you'd like to do with the database: 2Enter an entry's email to remove: test@test.comDeleted the following entry:************First Name: TestLast Name: TestPhone Number: 1111111111Email: test@test.com************Search for a Specific EntrySearch for a Specific EntryShow a user the list of options to search by. Once they select their search paramter, prompt them to enter their search query. If their search option is invalid (e.g. not anumber 1-4, alert them and bring back the main menu to take in a new input). If their search option is valid, search the database and print all matching entries. If thereis nothing found, alert the user. Then, show the main menu again to take in a new input.

